[2.0.2] en: source level filter support (#579)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/source-configuration-file.md

#   interval: 3600
#   expires: 0
#   remain-space: 15

> # Configure binlog event filters. (New in DM v2.0.2)

Reviewer: Suggest using the same statement to describe the same change. 

```suggestion
# Starting from DM v2.0.2, you can configure binlog event filters in the source configuration file.

```

Author: The sentence here is a code comment. Generally, a code comment tells the user what the following codes are used for, so I change the perspective of this sentence.

Reviewer: LGTM
